# Scheduler
A working model of my universities registration system.

How it works: This program models a university registration system. When the user starts it up they will be presented with a login screen where they can log in as either a registrar to organize registration or a student to register for courses. Starting with the registrar, the initial login ID and password are both "he". These can be set to any value in the registrar.properties file. Once logged in as the registrar the user can then load in from file or manually add students, faculty members, and courses from each of their respective panels, accessible from the top menu bar. I recommend loading in the students from "test-files/student_records.txt", faculty from "test-files/faculty_records .txt", and courses from "test-flies/course_records.txt" to get a general idea of how the system works. From there the registrar can manually manipulate the lists of students, faculty, and courses; save them to CSV files; or assign which faculty will be teaching which course. To see the student side of the project I recommend adding a student to the student directory, making note of their ID and password. Click the logout button and relogin with the new student's ID and password. From here the student can select courses loaded in by the registrar to add into their schedule, view their details, and save their final schedule to a CSV file.

How to run it: Download the project into an IDE and then navigate to PackSchedulerGUI file in src/edu/ncsu/csc216/pack_scheduler/ui directory and run it.
